flashback: flashback cluster support tso (#15608)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-6.4.0.md

    Before executing `FLASHBACK CLUSTER TO TIMESTAMP`, you need to pause PITR and replication tasks running on such tools as TiCDC and restart them after the `FLASHBACK` is completed. Otherwise, replication tasks might fail.

>     For more information, see [User document](/sql-statements/sql-statement-flashback-cluster.md).

Author: ```suggestion
    For more information, see [User document](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.4/sql-statement-flashback-to-timestamp).
```

| Variable name | Change type | Description |
|--------|------------------------------|------|
| [`tidb_constraint_check_in_place_pessimistic`](/system-variables.md#tidb_constraint_check_in_place_pessimistic-new-in-v630) | Modified | Removes the GLOBAL scope and allows you to modify the default value using the [`pessimistic-txn.constraint-check-in-place-pessimistic`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#constraint-check-in-place-pessimistic-new-in-v640) configuration item. This variable controls when TiDB checks the unique constraints in pessimistic transactions. |

> | [`tidb_ddl_flashback_concurrency`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_flashback_concurrency-new-in-v630) | Modified | Takes effect starting from v6.4.0 and controls the concurrency of [`FLASHBACK CLUSTER TO TIMESTAMP`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-flashback-cluster.md). The default value is `64`. |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`tidb_ddl_flashback_concurrency`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_flashback_concurrency-new-in-v630) | Modified | Takes effect starting from v6.4.0 and controls the concurrency of [`FLASHBACK CLUSTER TO TIMESTAMP`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.4/sql-statement-flashback-to-timestamp). The default value is `64`. |
```
